Extensions List:
1. Capture version of the game:
An option to choose this version will be given every time main.py run.
When opening the game, a question will be displayed to the user about choosing a version (typing the letter c means choosing Capture).
2. Pytest tests writing:
All the tests files are located in the main directory of the project.
3. Sound effects additions to different parts of the game:
This extension will automatically work every run of the game. 
A sounds folder with all the audio files will be found in the main project folder.
4. Adding colors (That also have a role in the game):
This extension will also automatically work every time you run the game.
5. Type Annotations
6. In addition to the log file requirements, I added an option to read a file even while playing, (for example for learning strategy) and return to the same point of the game without interruption.
Activating this extension is possible at every start of a local player's turn, when entering 'logs' the player will be directed to select a file to display and then choose whether to return to the game they interrupted.

Partial Explanations:
1. Tests in Pytest:
In this extension I learned and applied beyond the study material. In addition to simpler tests, I added functions that 'catch' printouts of the program and examine them, and those that complete expected input from the user (valid and invalid) and even a sequence of such inputs. For this, I used 'monkeypatch' and 'capsys' a lot.
2. Adding colors:
In this extension I colored the game pieces in accordance with the selected colors of the players. In my opinion, in the two versions of the game that I built, this extension greatly affects the user experience and optimizes the course of the game. In the first version, the game pieces are divided according to a single-digit number and color, so that to choose a marble the player just types in the desired digit ('saving' work for the user). In addition, it allows easier and faster visual analysis. For this I used the colorama library.)
